Do you know who that is?
He is the young master of the Su family in Jiangcheng
This hotel is run by the Su family. You work here
Master Su is the boss
Every word he says is an edict
Aunt, now is not the time for you to be petty
Quickly apologize to the dormitory
No.
Even if he is the eldest young master of the Su family
That doesn't force me to drink
And you want to take advantage of me?
I'm here to be a waiter
I'm not here to accompany you
Presumptuous you girl movie
Master Shu can accompany you
It's a blessing you've cultivated in eight lifetimes
Master Shu is willing to touch you
You took advantage of Master Shu
dissatisfied
I will make you kneel down today
Make you unconvinced
Am I convinced today?
Ah!
Ha ha.
Unconvinced
You stinky girl, I see your kick
When?
Stop
How come?
Mr. Zhou, this girl broke the rules
Recorded young master
The young master just wanted to teach him a little lesson
Which hand did it hit?
Does your hand hurt? Why are you so disobedient?
Dr. Zhao said not to do strenuous exercise
Mom, don't worry.
I'm just playing with you with itchy hands
Chase you
Deduct this month's salary
Don't come to work next month
Why deduct my salary?